doc / perpetual finance (#280)
CoinAlpha/hummingbot-docs: content/protocol-connectors/perp-fi.mdx

---
title: Perpetual Finance (BETA)
---

import Callout from "../../src/components/Callout";

<Callout
  type="note"
  body="This connector has undergone code review, internal testing and was shipped during one of our most recent releases. As part of User Acceptance Testing, we encourage user to report any issues with this connector to our [Discord server] or [submit a bug report]"
  link={[
    "https://discord.com/invite/2MN3UWg",
    "https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=",
  ]}
/>

Perpetual Protocol is a decentralized perpetual contract trading protocol for every asset, with a Uniswap-inspired Virtual Automated Market Makers (Virtual AMMs) and a built-in Staking Reserve which backs and secures the Virtual AMMs.

> ## Prerequisites
> 
> - Ethereum wallet (refer to our guide [here](/operation/adv-command-ref/#setup-ethereum-wallet))
> - Ethereum node (refer to our guide [here](/operation/adv-command-ref/#setup-ethereum-nodes))
> - Hummingbot Gateway (done after connecting to Perpetual Finance)
> - Some ETH in wallet for gas
> - Some xDai asset for transaction fee
> - USDC - all trades are funded and settled in USDC. You can obtain USDC at any major exchange, such as Uniswap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

- Ethereum wallet (refer to our guide [here](/operation/adv-command-ref/#setup-ethereum-wallet))
- Hummingbot Gateway (done after connecting to Perpetual Finance)
- Some xDai asset in wallet for gas
- xUSDC - all trades are funded and settled in xUSDC. You can obtain xUSDC by depositing USDC and receiving the xUSDC equivalent on the Perpetual Finance exchange [here](https://perp.exchange)
```

## Connecting to Perpetual Finance

When creating Hummingbot Gateway, it picks up the Ethereum settings in the global config file which we can set up in the Hummingbot client.

1. Run the command `connect ethereum` in the Hummingbot client
2. Enter your wallet private key
3. Enter Ethereum node address (starts with https://)
4. Enter the websocket connection address of your Ethereum node (starts with wss://)

![](img/connect-ethereum.gif)

## Install Hummingbot Gateway

After adding your Ethereum wallet and node in Hummingbot, follow the guide in the link below on how to install Hummingbot Gateway.

- [Hummingbot Gateway Installation](/gateway/installation/)

> ## ETH Gas Station (Optional)
> 
> Users have the option to use and configure DeFi Pulse Gas Price as the gas estimator.
> 
> 1. Sign up for a free account on [DeFi Pulse Data](https://data.defipulse.com/signup)
> 2. Get your API key - once you log into DeFi Pulse Data, your API key can be found on the right side of the Dashboard. Click the copy button to copy your API Key.
> 
> ![defipulse](/img/defipulse-2.png)
> 
> 3. From the Hummingbot client, run `config ethgasstation_gas_enabled`, and enter `True`
> 4. Run `config ethgasstation_api_key` and enter the DeFi Pulse Data API key
> 5. Run `config ethgasstation_gas_level` and select desired gas level from `fast`, `fastest`, `safeLow`, `average`.
> 
> <Callout
>   type="note"
>   body="For calculation details on the various gas level, see [DeFi Pulse Data API docs]."
>   link={["https://docs.defipulse.com/api-docs-by-provider/egs/gas-price"]}
> />
> 
> 6. This step is optional if you want to override the default Gas Station refresh time of 120 seconds. Do this by running the command `config ethgasstation_refresh_time`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
